docs(bls): update how tos with new console experience MTA-5820 (#4678)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/block-storage/how-to/create-a-volume.mdx

    - Choose the same [Availability Zone](/instances/concepts/#availability-zone) as the Instance you want to attach your block to.
    - Configure the volume:
        - Enter a name for your volume or leave the automatically generated name.
        - Select an [IOPS](/block-storage/concepts/#iops) option. You cannot edit the IOPS of a volume after its creation.
        <Message type="note">
          To use **[Block Storage Low Latency](/block-storage/) 15k**, your Instance must have at least **3 GiB/s of block bandwidth**.
          You can verify if an Instance type meets this requirement by consulting the [Scaleway Instances internet and Block Storage bandwidth overview](/instances/reference-content/instances-bandwidth-overview/) documentation.  

          Alternatively, use the [Instances API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/instance/#path-instance-types-list-instance-types) to check the `block_bandwidth` field at `/instance/v1/zones/{zone}/products/servers`.  
          This field provides detailed information about block bandwidth for each Instance type, helping you ensure compatibility with high-performance storage.
        </Message>

>         - Define a volume size of at least 5GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Define a volume size of at least 5 GB.
```
